Ignition 7.9 readme main (#138)
hms-networks/IgnitionEwonConnector: readme.md

## [Version](#table-of-contents)

> This module version is compatible with Ignition 7.9, but is no longer supported and does not receive updates. For an Ignition 8 compatible module go to [main](https://github.com/hms-networks/IgnitionEwonConnector/tree/main) branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module version is compatible with Ignition 7.9. For an Ignition 8 compatible module go to [main](https://github.com/hms-networks/IgnitionEwonConnector/tree/main) branch.

Note: The Ignition 7.9 Ewon module is no longer supported and this version will not receive future updates.
```

Reviewer: I think including the word but makes it sound like someone shouldnt use it.  We might even go as far to phrase it "Note: The Ignition 7.9 Ewon module will not receive future updates." just to not discourage someone from using it if they have 7.9 deployed.

Author: I agree.
